The comment boxes can have alternate CSS styling.
Check the forum regularly for solutions to reported bugs.
Secure your admin folder with .htpasswd for extra protection.
If using the RSS feature check the FAQ about RSS Auto-Discovery.
When modifying the code you can put the script in maintenance mode.
Use robots.txt to help prevent the comments folder from being indexed.
Customize the terms & privacy text in the 'comments/agreement' folder.
Add-ons can help make the experience of you and your users better.
See who is viewing your pages in Tools -> Viewers.
Customize the emails you send and receive using the Settings menu.
Back up your database regularly using Tools -> Database Backup.
Add your own captcha questions in Layout -> Form -> Questions.
If something is not working turn on Error Reporting in Settings.
You can disable the form of a specific page in Manage -> Pages.
You can add other administrators to help with the workload.
Add the UTF-8 charset to your head tag for international support.
Optimize your tables now and again using Tools -> Optimize Tables.
It is always important to upgrade to the latest version of Commentics.
Add some notes below to keep track of admin related tasks.
You can share ideas and submit feature requests on the forum.
Leaving the image captcha enabled helps prevent robotic submission.
Don't forget to check for comments that require approval.
Modify the frontend text in the 'comments/includes/language' folder.
You can customize the time and date format in the Layout menu.
Click on the 'Get help for this page' link at the top right of pages.
Select which emails you receive in Settings -> Administrator.
Check frequently for any pending reports in Manage -> Comments.
Keep track of admin panel usage in Reports -> Access.
Customize the 'Sort By' links in Layout -> Comments -> Sort By.
Enable the Akismet service in Settings -> Akismet to check for spam.
You can change the default Gravatar in Layout -> Comments -> Gravatar.
Sticky the important comments so that they always appear at the top.
Lock replies for a particular comment using the Edit Comment page.